# Useful error codes for Exchange bounce back emails


I found this table <a href="http://www.apps4rent.com/support/kb/article/troubleshoot-email-bounce-back" target="_blank">here</a>, thanks for their contribution!<br /><br /><table border="1" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0"><tbody><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>Error Code</b></td><td valign="top" width="198"><b>Comments</b></td><td valign="top" width="192"><b>Sending</b></td><td valign="top" width="240"><b>Receiving (Our   customers will be informed by people who are trying send e-mail to them).</b></td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>4.3.1</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Not enough disk space   on the delivery server. Microsoft say this NDR maybe reported as   out-of-memory error.</td><td valign="top" width="192">This indicates that   the recipient’s e-mail box is full.</td><td valign="top" width="240">If somebody informs   you about this error  then your mailbox is reaching its limit.  You need   to either upgrade  your space or archive your old e-mails or delete them.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>4.3.2</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Classic temporary   problem, the Administrator has frozen the queue.</td><td valign="top" width="192">If you have sent an   e-mail and you got  this bounce back then the issue is with the receiving   server and not  with Apps4Rent Server.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not Applicable for   us.  We do freeze the queue.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>4.4.1</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Intermittent network   connection. The  server has not yet responded. Classic temporary problem. If   it  persists, you will also a 5.4.x status code error.</td><td valign="top" width="192">This would not happen   with Apps4Rent  servers.  However, if such a situation occurs, then there   might be a  network issue with the receiving server at the time when our   server  tried to deliver the e-mail.  If this is followed by 5.4.x then   please  contact our support department with the full header of the e-mail for    indepth analysis.  If the issue is from our side we will try and fix  the   issue.</td><td valign="top" width="240">If somebody informs   you that they are  getting this error then the sending server might be having   some  connectivity issues.  Have the sender try again and if it fails   then  we need the complete headers of the bounceback message.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b> </b></td><td valign="top" width="198"><br /></td><td valign="top" width="192"><br /></td><td valign="top" width="240"><br /></td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>4.4.6</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Too many hops. Most   likely, the message is looping.</td><td valign="top" width="192">Please check if there   is a loop formed  with the e-mail address.  If somebody sent an e-mail to   you and has  complained to you that you they got the following bounceback then   you  need to  login into your control panel and verify if there is a loop    created for the receiving e-mail address at any point.  The issue is not    from the server side but the way recipients e-mail address has been  set.</td><td valign="top" width="240">If you get this error   while sending an  e-mail to someone; then you need to let that person know   about this.   The e-mail address on the other server is not setup   correctly.  In  either case, the issue is not with the sending server or   receiving  server.  It’s the way e-mail address has been setup.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>4.4.9</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">A DNS problem. Check   your smart host  setting on the SMTP connector. For example, check correct   SMTP format.  Also, use square brackets in the IP address [64.xxx.xxx.xxx] You   can  get this same NDR error if you have been deleting routing groups.</td><td valign="top" width="192">This error will not   happen while sending e-mails from our servers.</td><td valign="top" width="240">If somebody complaints   to you that they  got this error while sending e-mail to you; please have the   sender  contact his administrator as the SmartHost has not been setup in the    right manner.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>4.6.5</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Multi-language   situation. Your server does not have the correct language code page   installed.</td><td valign="top" width="192">Not Applicable to   Apps4Rent Server.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not Applicable to   Apps4Rent Server</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.1.x</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Problem with email   address.</td><td valign="top" width="192"><br /></td><td valign="top" width="240"><br /></td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.1.0</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Often seen with   contacts. Check the recipient address.</td><td valign="top" width="192">If you get this bounce   back; then please send the complete header to our Support Department.</td><td valign="top" width="240">If you get this bounce   back; then please send the complete header to our Support Department.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.1.1</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Another problem with   the recipient  address. Possibly the user was moved to another server in   Active  Directory. Maybe an Outlook client replied to a message while offline.</td><td valign="top" width="192">You might get this   error when an e-mail  was added to the system and then removed and   re-added.  Please type  the complete e-mail address rather than selecting   the user from GAL or  drop down.  If you don’t receive a bounce back   after you have typed  the complete e-mail address then you need delete the   e-mail address  that you get from the drop down and also download the Offline   Address  Book again</td><td valign="top" width="240">You might get this   error when an e-mail  was added to the system and then removed and   re-added.  Please type  the complete e-mail address rather than selecting   the user from OAB or  drop down.  If you don’t receive a bounce back after   you have typed  the complete e-mail address then you need delete the e-mail   address  that you get from the drop down and also download the Offline Address    Book again</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.1.3</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Another problem with   contacts. Address field maybe empty. Check the address information.</td><td valign="top" width="192">Not Applicable to   Apps4Rent Server.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not Applicable to   Apps4Rent Server.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.1.4</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Two objects have the   same address, which confuses the categorizer.</td><td valign="top" width="192">This is a problem with   the receiving server and not with our server.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not Applicable to   Apps4Rent Server.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.1.5</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Destination mailbox   address invalid.</td><td valign="top" width="192">You have typed an   invaild address.  There  is a typo in the e-mail address or the e-mail   address has been  deleted.  Please verify that there are no typos in the   e-mail address  or the e-mail address exists.</td><td valign="top" width="240">The sender typed the   wrong e-mail  address; had a type in the e-mail address or the e-mail address   was  deleted.  Please have the user verify the details.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.2.1</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">The message is too   large. Else it could be a permissions problem. Check the recipient’s mailbox.</td><td valign="top" width="192">The mailbox is   designed to receive e-mail  upto a certain size.  Mail sent by you is   bigger that the allowed  size.  If you are sending an attachment then   please try and zip the  attachment and try to resend it.  You may try   alternate methods like  yousendit.com for sending e-mails of larger size</td><td valign="top" width="240">If somebody is sending   you an e-mail  which is bigger that 50 MB then they will receive this bounce   back.   Please have the sender use yousendit.com as an alternate.    User can  try to reduce the file size by zipping the file.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.2.2</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Sadly, the recipient   has exceeded their mailbox limit.</td><td valign="top" width="192">This indicates that   the recipient’s e-mail box is full.</td><td valign="top" width="240">If somebody informs   you about this error  then your mailbox is reaching its limit.  You need   to either upgrade  your space or archive your old e-mails or delete them.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.2.3</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Recipient cannot   receive messages this big. Server or connector limit exceeded.</td><td valign="top" width="192">The mailbox is   designed to receive e-mail  upto a certain size.  Mail sent by you is   bigger that the allowed  size.  If you are sending an attachment then   please try and zip the  attachment and try to resend it.  You may try   alternate methods like  yousendit.com for sending e-mails of larger size</td><td valign="top" width="240">If somebody is sending   you an e-mail  which is bigger that 50 MB then they will receive this bounce   back.   Please have the sender use yousendit.com as an alternate.    User can  try to reduce the file size by zipping the file.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.3.0</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Problem with MTA,   maybe someone has been editing the registry to disable the MTA / Store   driver.</td><td valign="top" width="192">If you get this bounce   back then you need to contact the provider.  This is not an issue from   our side</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not Applicable to us.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.3.1</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Mail system full.   Possibly a Standard edition of Exchange reached the 16 GB limit.</td><td valign="top" width="192">The issue is with the   recipient server and not with Apps4Rent server.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not applicable to us.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.3.2</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">System not accepting   network messages. Look outside Exchange for a connectivity problem.</td><td valign="top" width="192">The issue is with the   recipient server and not with Apps4Rent server.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not applicable to us.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.3.3</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Remote server has   insufficient disk space to hold email. Check SMTP log.</td><td valign="top" width="192">The issue is with the   recipient server and not with the Apps4Rent server.  The recipient   server is out of disk space</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not applicable to us.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.3.5</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">Multiple Virtual   Servers are using the  same IP address and port. See Microsoft TechNet   article: 321721  Sharing SMTP. Email probably looping.</td><td valign="top" width="192">The issue is with the   recipient server and not Apps4Rent server</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not Applicable to us.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.4.0</b></td><td valign="top" width="198">DNS Problem. Check the   Smart host, or  check your DNS. It means that there is no DNS server that can   resolve  this email address. Could be Virtual Server SMTP address.</td><td valign="top" width="192">You should not be   getting this error when  sending e-mails.  If you get this error then   please contact our  Support Department with Complete Headers.</td><td valign="top" width="240">If you receive this   error while receiving  e-mails then please contact our support by getting the   complete  bounce back from the sender.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.4.1</b></td><td width="198">No answer from host.   Not Exchange’s fault check connections.</td><td valign="top" width="192">This is not an issue   with Exchange  Servers.  The issue is   with the receiving server.  Most cases,    either mail services are down or server is down</td><td valign="top" width="240">This error is not   applicable for our servers.  Our   cluster environment ensures that such a situation does not come up.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.4.2</b></td><td width="198">Bad connection.</td><td valign="top" width="192">Please try sending an   e-mail from some  other mail service like gmail/yahoo and see if you get the   same error.   If yes, then the issue is   with receiving server and not us.</td><td valign="top" width="240">This error is not   applicable for our servers.  Our   cluster environment ensures that such a situation does not come up.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.4.3</b></td><td width="198">Routing server   failure. No available route.</td><td valign="top" width="192">Please try sending an   e-mail from some  other mail service like gmail/yahoo and see if you get the   same error.   If yes, then the issue is   with receiving server and not us.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Please contact our   support team with the  complete headers of the error message.  The error usually is with the  sending   server as it’s not able to route mails.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.4.7</b></td><td width="198">Delivery time-out.   Message is taking too long to be delivered.</td><td valign="top" width="192">Please try to send an   e-mail from some  location like gmail/yahoo to isolate the cause.  If the problem does not  exist when sending   e-mail from Yahoo/Gmail.  Contact our   support  department with full headers of the error for additional details</td><td valign="top" width="240">Please try to send an   e-mail from some  location like gmail/yahoo to isolate the cause.  If the problem does not  exist when sending   e-mail from Yahoo/Gmail.  Contact our   support  department with full headers of the error for additional details</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.4.8</b></td><td width="198">Microsoft advise,   check your recipient policy. SMTP address should be cp.com. NOT   server.cp.com.</td><td valign="top" width="192">This error is again   for the receiving server and not Apps4Rent server.</td><td valign="top" width="240">This error will not   happen with out servers.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.5.0</b></td><td width="198">Underlying SMTP 500   error. Our server tried ehlo, the  recipient’s server did not understand and   returned a 550 or 500 error.  Set up SMTP logging.</td><td valign="top" width="192">This issue happens   when our server tries  to connect and deliver the mail to the recipient’s   server.  Try  sending e-mail from   different providers like gmail/yahoo.    If you  don’t get a similar bounce back then contact our support   department  with full headers.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Please have the sender   resend you an  e-mail from Gmail/Yahoo.    If the issue does not come with Gmail/Yahoo,  then the sender needs to   contact his provider</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.5.2</b></td><td width="198">Possibly the disk   holding the operating system is  full. Or could be a syntax error if you are   executing SMTP from a  telnet shell.</td><td valign="top" width="192">This error would not   occur due Apps4Rent server.  This is   always by the receiving server.</td><td valign="top" width="240">This would never   happened with our servers.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.5.3</b></td><td width="198">More than 100   recipients. Check the Global Settings, Message Delivery properties.</td><td valign="top" width="192">You can send to 100   recipients at a time.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Sender needs to   contact his administrator and verify the limit.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.5.5</b></td><td width="198">Wrong protocol   version.</td><td valign="top" width="192">Not Applicable to   Apps4Rent Server.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not Applicable to   Apps4Rent Server.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.6.3</b></td><td width="198">More than allowed   number of attachments.</td><td valign="top" width="192">Please reduce the   number of attachments and then try to send e-mail.  You may want to zip the files.</td><td valign="top" width="240">The sender needs to   contact his provider and verify the limits.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.7.1</b></td><td width="198">Permissions problem.   For some reason the sender is not  allowed to email this account. Perhaps an   anonymous user is trying to  send mail to a distribution list.</td><td valign="top" width="192">You are trying to send   an e-mail to a  distribution group outside your company/domain and the   receiving group  is not configured to receive e-mails from you.  Contact the recipient  company administrator   and they can make the changes.  The   issue is  not with our server/service</td><td valign="top" width="240">If a sender complaints   to you that they  are trying to send an e-mail to your distribution group/list   and they  are getting this bounce back, you need to login into your control    panel, click on distribution group and uncheck the option “Receive    e-mails from same domain/authorized senders”</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.7.3</b></td><td width="198">Check external IP   address of ISA server. Make sure it matches the SMTP publishing rule.</td><td valign="top" width="192">This error is from the   server to which  you are trying to send an e-mail.  You need to contact the administrator  of   the server.</td><td valign="top" width="240">Not applicable for   Apps4Rent servers.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" width="61"><b>5.7.4</b></td><td width="198">Extra security   features not supported. Check delivery server settings.</td><td valign="top" width="192">If you get this error,   please contact support with full bounce back error message</td><td valign="top" width="240">Sender needs to   contact his administrator and verify the settings.</td></tr></tbody></table>

